Add Document in English (#16)
0xhokusai/hokusai-api-docs: i18n/en/docusaurus-plugin-content-docs/current/intro.mdx

---
id: intro
title: Introduction
sidebar_position: 1
slug: /
---

# Welcome to Hokusai API Document

> The Hokusai API allows NFT businesses of any size to publish, transmit, and perform secondary distribution fees for NFTs, and manage NFT businesses without the need for crypto assets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Hokusai API allows NFT businesses of any size to mint, transfer, and set royalty for NFTs, and manage NFT businesses without the need for crypto assets.
```
こっちのほうがシンプルかなと思いました、が、もしかするとmintはcrypto界隈特有の言い回しの可能性はあるので、publishの方がいいかもしれません。

> Hokusai provides REST APIs. This document describes the Hokusai API specification.

Reviewer: 完璧にRESTかと言われると怪しいので、
The Hokusai API is organized around REST. みたいな、厳密ではないよ感を出せるとより良いかもしれません。
参考: https://stripe.com/docs/api

Author: 修正しました。
